Improve the visual style of all the creatures. For example the Crocodiles and Trolls are too small.
Look again at all the attack opattern snad keep in my the z clipping needed


In the center of the screen, when a user is above a particular item in the world, the text is too detailed. It currently gives the key to press. And the action to be performed when actually we just need the name of the item.


Allow the player to use the mouse to click in the world and make a text bar pop up for naming locations in the world. This text label is then always attached to that location. It has a little red cross in the top right corner for deleting that name 



The usability of the crafting and interacting doesn't work well work right now. When in the middle of selecting options to build, it's impossible to attack.  

I'm thinking about a two-button system. One which is the generic interact button, the spacebar right now, and the second is the open inventory button. 

Think about an inventory system that covers most of the viewport and shows the different things the player has collected and Selecting them and clicking on them uses them . The other part of the inventory is used for crafting things. That need to be built. So this is the system that is used to switch between different weapons. If there are more things in the inventory than can be displayed, then the inventory can scroll. Use the normal movement keys to scroll through the inventory and use the spacebar to select it 



Remove the grid location text and biome name from the HUD. Put the grid location Very small and to the top left corner of each view port 




Timings of things being built or chopped down or mined is not right. Currently it's instant and it needs to take different amounts of time to Interact with different elements 



DONE: make each plant look like a unique variation on its general type

Allow player to dig down much further into the ground. Investigate if we could let them build caves and tunnels that don't pull down the surface with it?


underground aloow player to discover gold and gems

weather pattners rain, lighting that can set forest on fire
wind that can make trees sway

Create missions such as a necromancer that spawns in a tower And creates particlum monsters let go towards the players and attacks them.
A mission announcement text pops up telling them that a necromancer tower has been discovered. Make the Necromancer Tower look visually interesting and foreboding with some magic effects. 